Bridge tests and refactor (#37)
agglayer/e2e: README.org

automations, it's critical that you're aware of commonly used
environment variables and to use them whenever possible.

| Variable              | Purpose                                                            |
|-----------------------+--------------------------------------------------------------------|
| RPC_URL               | A generic JSON RPC URL for tests that do not require L1/L2 context |
| L1_RPC_URL            | An RPC URL that serves as the L1 for some rollup or validium       |
| L2_RPC_URL            | An RPC URL for a rollup that's anchored on L1                      |
| PRIVATE_KEY           | A private key that's funded for RPC_URL                            |
| L1_PRIVATE_KEY        | A private key that's funded for L1_RPC_URL                         |

> | L2_PRIVATE_KEY        | A private key that's funded for L2_RPC_URL                         |

Reviewer: maybe we should get rid of `PRIVATE_KEY`?

Author: Hmmm..  maybe, but it does have a different meaning because it would be used in the case where the test isn't aware of L1 or L2.

Reviewer: ok makes sense! so maybe `L1_RPC_PRIVATE_KEY` and `L2_RPC_PRIVATE_KEY` makes more sense?

manipulate the underlying infrastructure, we use *scenarios*.

|                    | Tests                         | Scenarios                   |
|--------------------+-------------------------------+-----------------------------|
| Scripting Language | Bats                          | Generic Bash                |
| Infrastructure     | Pre-configured                | Setup and torn down in test |
| Coupling           | Decoupled from client version | Bundled with client version |
| Example            | Bridge transactions           | Bridge version upgrade      |

A scenario consists of a single executable ~run.sh~ plus optional
helpers.  ~run.sh~:

1. spin up its environment (Kurtosis, Docker, ...) in a temporary namespace
2. run its assertions (you may call Bats, Go tests, or plain shell here)
3. tear everything down cleanly, even on failure (set an ~EXIT~ trap)

Because scenarios are isolated, they can run in parallel with each
other and with ~tests/~ without clashing over ports, volume mounts, or
chain state.

#+begin_example
scenarios/
├── <scenario-name>/   # One folder per scenario
│   ├── run.sh         # The orchestrator. *Must* be executable and idempotent.

> │   ├── READMEmd       # Some short description of the test secneario

Reviewer: ```suggestion
│   ├── README.md     # Some short description of the test secneario
```

> │   ├── READMEmd       # Some short description of the test secneario

Reviewer: ```suggestion
│   ├── READMEmd       # Some short description of the test scenario.
```

might be mandatory (enforced by code review) while others are there
for your convenience.

* CI Development

We use [[https://github.com/nektos/act][act]] to do a local simulation of the github action in this
repo. If you just want to run like CI does, you can use the following
command:

#+begin_src bash
act --container-options "--group-add $(stat -c %g /var/run/docker.sock)" -s GITHUB_TOKEN=$ACT_GITHUB_TOKEN workflow_call

> #+end_src

Reviewer: this is great, ty
